Add AML-IP documentation (#11)
eProsima-Private/AML-Tools: docs/rst/amlip/specification/amlip.rst

.. include:: /rst/exports/alias.include
.. include:: /rst/exports/roles.include

.. _amlip_specification:

######
AML-IP
######

> *eProsima AML-IP* is a communications framework in charge of data exchange between Algebraic Machine Learning (AML)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*AML Integrating Platform (AML-IP)* is a communications framework in charge of data exchange between Algebraic Machine Learning (AML)
```

> nodes through local or remote networks.

Reviewer: Only break lines in `.`, not every 120 characters.
